[indistinct chatter]
- [exhales]
- Okay.
So you woke up feeling
a little sick
with a 100-degree fever.
No need to make a fuss about it.
Aww, man.
I wonder if we'll ever make
our deadline now!
Oh, you'll die from overwork,
huh?
Then come talk
to me when you're actually dead!
None of you are
leaving this office until
we're finished here!
Tendo, are you dozing off again?
- [whimpering]
- Get up, you lazy--
- I'm sorry, chief!
I'll get back to work!
[panicked breathing]
What the...
Wait.
Oh, yeah.
I--I don't have
to go to work anymore.
[distant birds chirping]
- [groaning]
And a very good morning, world!
I'm spending
my three years' worth
of vacation time starting today!
[all groaning]
It's gonna be so much fun!
[KANA-BOON's "Song of the Dead"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[all groaning]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Sweet!
Three years' worth
of cleaning finished!
[grunts]
Clean house means a clean mind,
or something like that, right?
It's nice to be organized.
Man, when's the last time
I felt this good?
[inhales sharply]
All righty.
With that done,
time for my reward.
[gulping]
[laughing]
It's good!
Really good!
Who knew skipping work
and drinking beer in the morning
could taste so amazing?
This is holy water!
No, it's the drink of the gods!
The guilty pleasure
of drinking on what
would normally
be a workday!
The freedom from any
worker obligations I had!
Drinking beer on
a weekday morning.
If this isn't heaven,
I dunno what is.
- What you are seeing now
is aerial footage of Tokyo.
Fires are breaking out all over
the city.
Even now as I watch
it happening,
I--I can't believe this
is all real.
Even our studio is in
dangerof being overrun by
workers who
have turned into
the living dead.
[screams]
Internet and telecommunications
are down
and there's been no word
from the government
if help
is coming any time today!
We don't even know
if the government
is functioning an--
- [roars]
[romantic piano music]
- [groans]
It's pretty bad out there,
isn't it?
I guess there's
a worldwide disaster
going on right now sending
everything into oblivion.
I wonder what's gonna happen.
Aah--ah--
But for me,
today's beer day,
and only beer day!
So you better believe I'm gonna
stay put in my room
with a cold one in hand!
I'm gonna lounge around
embracing my inner degenerate
and enjoy a day off that's
been three years in the making!
I'm out?
[squeals]
Huh?
No way!
But--but how?
They're all gone?
Don't tell me that
was the last one left!
It was.
Of all the times to run out
of beer, why now?
All I wanted to do
was slack off today.
Now you're telling me I have
to go out to the store
for a beer run?
[groans]
[all moaning]
[gasps]
[groans]
What a pain.
It sucks,
but I just can't bum around
without you in my hand.
It just wouldn't
be the same.
[groans]
I've got no choice.
- [groaning]
- The police and the
Japanese Self Defense Force are
gone now.
No one's left to come
and save us.
- We can't give up just yet.
Just one more day!
If we can hold out for one--
- Don't kid yourself!
No one could survive something
like this.
It's over. This is
the end of the world.
- Dammit!
Then what the hell do we do?
If anyone's out there,
please hel...
[both screaming]
- What's wrong, honey?
Are the zombies climbing u--
[screams]
Who the hell are you?
- What are you doing climbing
on that?
- I'm so sorry!
The stairwell in my building
was crawling with zombies
and I need to get down there,
so...
- Hurry, come inside!
You'll be safe in here with us!
- Huh?
Nah, I'll be okay.
I'd stay and chat,
but I gotta run an errand.
- Huh?
- Oh!
Right.
I'm Akira Tendo.
I'm your neighbor over
in the building next door.
It must be fate,
meeting you here like this.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
[chuckles]
[both stammering]
- Okay, um, I'm Kosaka.
Hi.
- By the way,
I'm headed
to the convenience store.
You guys want me to pick
you up anything while I'm there?
Like some instant noodles,
flashlights?
[both groaning]
- Yes, please!
Either of those would be great
to have on hand!
- And some toilet paper,
if you can!
2-ply!
- Sounds good to me!
- [chomping]
[groaning]
[all groaning]
- Huh?
Whoa!
Looks like their numbers
have grown
a bit since yesterday!
I'm on a bike,
but if they surround me,
I might be in trouble!
But I'd rather be eaten
by zombies
than go another second
without a cold one!
[brakes squeaking]
[bike clatters]
♪♪ Beer, beer ♪♪
♪♪ Beer, beer
All you can drink ♪♪
[groaning]
♪♪ Beer
Any and every kind of bee-- ♪♪
Huh?
- [exhales]
- [gasps]
A survivor>?
[gasps]
Wait, I was singing a
super weird song just now!
So embarrassing!
Great, she probably thinks
I'm a total weirdo now.
Now that I think about it,
I scared the Kosaka's, too!
If I play it cool,
I can salvage this.
Uh, hello there.
Are you out grocery shopping,
too?
Gee, sure is a pain
to get around now with all
these zombies swarming.
Um...
I, uh...
Oh, I was actually planning
on loafing around today
drinking beer but then I ran out
so here I am.
[chuckles nervously]
[gasping]
- [exhales]
- Uh, hey!
Excuse me!
I thought that since you
and I happened
to meet each other here
like this,
we could, uh,
maybe exchange contact info?
Oh, really?
Sweet.
- Not that it's my business
or anything...
- Huh?
- But risking your life
to buy something
so non-essential
is definitely not something I
would call a high-priority task.
P--Prio...
- Sorry, but I can't see
myself teaming up with you.
You're not someone who
knows how to analyze risk.
- Huh?
- I'm sure you understand.
I prefer not to lower
my chances of survival
- Hey!
- So I'm afraid I'll have
to pass on sharing
my contact info with you.
- [gasps]
- Hey, miss, watch out!
[grunts]
Huh?
[booming]
[all groaning]
[gasping]
[gasps]
Thank you for saving me!
Oh, no!
My bike!
[gasps]
I see.
Analyzing risk.
Huh.
I guess some of that stuff
you see in zombie movies
isn't that far-fetched
after all.
- [groaning]
- That girl was bad ass.
And pretty cute, too.
I wonder,
will we cross paths again?
- Crap!
I was busy daydreaming!
Should I make a run for it?
No, that's impossible!
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
I gotta think fast
or I'm gonna get eaten by
a zombie!
There must be something
I can use!
Huh?
[motor revving]
Forget the bike!
I got the upgrade!
I forgot this all started
during rush hour.
The streets are littered
with bikes and scooters
with keys still in them.
Thanks to this,
traveling around the city now's
gonna be a piece of cake.
Wait, hold on.
Why upgrade just once when I
can choose from any of these?
Huh?
[engine roaring]
Yes!
Now, this
is the ultimate upgrade!
[laughing]
Whoa!
[gasping]
- [growling in
slow motion]
- Whoa!
[shouting]
Whew!
I stocked up on more beer,
met a cute girl at the store,
and even managed to get
the motorcycle of my dreams.
Man, today was just
the absolute best.
Mr. and Mrs. Kosaka,
I'm back from the store!
And I got plenty of beer
if either of you want
to join me for a drink or t--
Mr. and Mrs. Kosaka?
[zombies groaning]
There's nothing
guaranteeing tomorrow.
We could die today
or we could die 60 years
from now.
Either way,
there's never enough time
to do all the things we want to.
[mysterious music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Our lives are just too short
to avoid taking risks.
♪♪ ♪♪
When I was a kid,
there were so many things
I wanted to do.
But I always found one excuse
or another
and ended up
not doing them.
I've decided to take
a three-year vacation
to have as much fun as I can
and do those things.
If I have to go on living
the way I was before this,
I'd rather be eaten by zombies.
♪♪ ♪♪
Oh!
[exhales]
♪♪ ♪♪
I only have 30?
Things I wanna do.
What else can I think of?
Now that I've quit work,
I think what I want more
than anything is...
♪♪ ♪♪
Yeah.
There.
I'm done.
- [gasps]
[breathing heavily]
- This is an emergency broadcast
for all city districts.
Everyone please lock
your doors securely
and do not leave your homes
under any circumstance.
I repeat, this is an
emergency broadcast...
- Internetand
telecommunications are down
and there's been no word
from the government
if help is coming
any time today.
We don't even know
if the government
is functioning--
- [growls]
- [breathing heavily]
Whew.
Hello? Hello?
I can't contact the main office
in LA, either.
The situation's
looking critical.
[exhales]
I need to secure food and water,
acquire a sustainable
energy source,
maintain mental
stability,
continue regular
exercise,
and minimize
sugar intake.
- [breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[inhales sharply]
Finally.
I finally did it.
Against all odds,
I did it!
[inhales sharply]
I escaped that hell.
I made it out ali--
- [snarls]
- I see.
So in movies there
are both slow zombies
and fast zombies.
Walking,
walking, running.
That body type looks
extremely dangerous.
Walking,
walking, running.
Walking, walking,
dangerous.
Looks like the movies
were right about the two types.
There's both in
this zombie pandemic.
If you can identify which type
it is if you encounter one,
your chances of survival
increase drastically.
[exhales]
That settles it.
I'm gonna need
raw data after all.
I also need to gather
certain supplies before
the number
of infected spikes again.
Which area in this
neighborhoodis the least risky
to travel to?
Camera, check.
[exhales]
- ♪♪ Beer, beer ♪♪
- A survivor?
- ♪♪ All you can drink ♪♪
- He must be.
He doesn't look infected.
- ♪♪ Beer
Any and every kind of bee-- ♪♪
Huh?
- [exhales]
He seems harmless.
Wait, there could be
zombies that followed him.
I knew it.
- Uh, hello there.
- They're far enough behind
but I should get what I need
and get out of here while I can.
- Sure is a pain
to get around now
with zombies swarming.
- He's a classic case
of shortsighted ignorance--
a person mentally incapable
of thinking beyond
the present moment.
How did someone like him
end up surviving this long?
It just doesn't make
any sense to me.
- [groans]
- [exhales]
Is that a car horn?
This is bad.It'll end
up attracting zombies.
If I go out there now,
there's a high possibility
I'll be attacked.
A barricade? No,
there's not enough time.
Then what do I need
to do to get through?
Uh?
What's this?
They're going wild?
That means this
route is...
...passable.
Not that it's my business
or anything...
- Uh...
- But risking your life
to buy something
so non-essential
is definitely not something I
would call a high-priority task.
- P--
- Now all I have to do...
...is get as many as possible
to follow me.
- [gasps]
- And if I get
the timing just right...
- Hey, miss, watch out!
- Uh?
- [grunts]
[all snarling]
- Don't!
That position is--
[all roaring]
- Huh?
[booming]
- [grunts]
- A runaway
truck driven by
a zombie crashes into all
of them.
What a perfect
zombie cliché.
Well, I guess even
crappy blockbusters
have some useful ideas
every now and then.
[door unlocks]
Water secured as well as
food, power, and fuel.
I've acquired data, too.
It could have been a bit better
but this will do.
The behavior patterns
of the zombies
I encountered today...
[keyboard clacking]
Mm?
- ♪♪ Beer, beer ♪♪
- Who would have thought
a single beer was enough
to make somebody that happy?
Despite being in such
a state of disarray.
[grunts]
Well...
I regret not grabbing it.
Sakura mochi would have hit
the spot right now.
[Shiyui's
"Happiness of the Dead"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[upbeat music]